so let's start out by going over an
overview of the presses available in the
rock print line now the rock print
stands for s rocks brand of presses s
rock is a brand they have rock print
presses they have rock drive flash
dryers they have Rock Tunnel conveyor
dryers and they have like rock flocks
you know special effects units and all
different types of sub brands under
there major brands so the rock print
refers to the presses in their brand
curling they have three press offerings
now they are adding a fourth coming in
January 2013 and we're unveiling that at
the Long Beach trade show that's their
entry level press which starts out at
the beginning which is an Amiga now
currently the go to press for somebody
getting into an S Rock would be a you
now the entry level amiga is going to be
an all air press with the exception of
the servo indexer so the you the eco the
oval presses right now they run off AC
printhead so electric print has which
are very fast very consistent to make
the amiga because this entry level a
little bit less expensive they're
putting air print heads in it other than
that it looks like a u so when I look at
all the features of the U the Amiga will
have very very similar features and it
will look exactly like a u press but not
available quite yet and an entry level
press now because they didn't make this
press we started selling a lot of these
used and they've been placed throughout
the country
it was awesome experience because before
we just start people in the entry level
because it's the cheapest right as
you're starting why not start in the
cheapest place but really it's sometimes
that's not the best way to think so by
not having that cheap option and by
starting people out exist you know right
into the you press AC printheads servo
index Drive very very fast press very
larger print sizes it gave us you know a
bigger world of possibilities as far as
what we can offer our customers so you
have the Amiga starting out then you
have the U then you'd have the eco the
eco is kind of the nice big round press
now they have the oval which can go
bigger than the eco but the eco is like
the the bad boy of the S rock pressed
line as far as the the round presses go
it's got individual printhead control
like 30% faster print speeds bigger
print sizes you know different options
you can add on to it like you can put
automated flock and automatic
which is huge here in the US directly
into that eco press without having to
take a print head off and stuff so it's
definitely an awesome press for a shop
that is either really wanting to start
on the right foot or already running
screen print it really wants to expand
their capacity whether it be speed print
size or special effects now the oval is
s rocks awesome like modular press
meaning that it can go from a six color
all the way up to a fifty color so that
press is very expandable it's great for
water-based or plastics all printing
great for all over printing cut sheet
printing Stewart printing it's a very
very fast and efficient press because
you can actually run it because it's an
oval line you can run it on both sides
of the press so you can haven't operate
on the front and an operator on the back
running it off to dryers basically
having to print lines going down it so
the oval presses are attractive because
it gives the screen printer a lot of
different options versus just a round
carousel press